Recreate np's consent doc PR (#93)
xmtp/docs-xmtp-org: docs/pages/inboxes/user-consent/support-user-consent.md

:::

:::code-group

```js [Browser]
import { ConsentEntityType } from "@xmtp/browser-sdk";

const inboxConsentState = await client.getConsentState(
  ConsentEntityType.InboxId,
  inboxId
);
```

```js [Node]
import { ConsentEntityType } from "@xmtp/node-sdk";

const inboxConsentState = await client.getConsentState(
  ConsentEntityType.InboxId,
  inboxId
);
```

```tsx [React Native]
// Get consent directly on the member
const memberConsentStates = (await group.members()).map(
  (member) => member.consentState()
)

// Get consent from the inboxId
const inboxConsentState = await client.preferences.inboxIdConsentState(inboxId)
```

```kotlin [Kotlin]
// Get consent directly on the member
val memberConsentStates = group.members().map { it.consentState }

// Get consent from the inboxId
val inboxConsentState = client.preferences.inboxIdState(inboxId)
```

```swift [Swift]
// Get consent directly on the member
let memberConsentStates = try await group.members.map(\.consentState)

// Get consent from the inboxId
let inboxConsentState = try await client.preferences.inboxIdState(inboxId: inboxId)
```

:::

> ## See who created and added you to a group

Author: Not sure if this suggested edit is correct:

```suggestion
## See who created a group and added a user to it
```

Reviewer: The method is `group.addedByInboxId` so it really only tells you who added you to the group. So you can't see who added someone else with this method.

Reviewer: So as long as thats clear I'm fine with the edit.

Author: Ah, got it - your original conveys this detail more clearly!
